+++
title = "Terms and Definitions"
date = 2022-11-07T07:19:53+01:00
draft = "true"
tags = ["basics"]
+++

This page contains the terms, definitions and some bit of background information on e-mobility!

TODO: Under Construction

**AC** - **A**lternating **C**urrent

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**CS** - **C**harging **S**tation
   
TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc 
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**CSMS** - **C**harging **S**tation **M**anagement **S**ystem

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**CSO** - **C**harging **S**tation **O**perator

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**DC** - **D**irect **C**urrent

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**eMSP** - **eM**obility **S**ervice **P**rovider

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**EV** - **E**lectric **V**ehicle

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**EVSE** - **E**lectric **V**ehicle **S**upply **E**quipment

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**kW** - **K**ilo **W**att

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**kWh** - **K**ilo **W**att **H**our

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**OCA** - **O**pen **C**harge **A**lliance

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**OCPI** - **O**pen **C**harge **P**oint **I**nterface

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**OCPP** - **O**pen **C**harge **P**oint **P**rotocol

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**V2G** - **V**ehicle **To** **G**rid

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**V2H** - **V**ehicle **To** **H**ome

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**V2L** - **V**ehicle **To** **L**oad

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.

**V2V** - **V**ehicle **To** **V**ehicle

TODO, This is a test to be documented some content and to verify some fknajkgh jhzgsjgdfdjh jhgjd khgse k
kjhds kjhku skjehku chkhsd foklhjslksd cjlihjsd dcfkuhskdfh lkihkhkjhs khskjdgf lwiezrg chkwkefbc aldgfbsdc
ksdzr sld whebgd sjuegdfös dfkwehgfd.



